There is one, come here.
Little baby, you are so anxious to let me come over,
What surprises have you prepared for me?
Yes, you are sincere to me.
You are sincere, look,
In order to make it more convenient for us at home,
I almost helped the old man and prevented him from sending him away.
It’s almost over anyway, let’s look for another chance.
By the way, there is one. Didn’t you say,
Want to buy a bright car? Otherwise,
Is what you said true? How could I lie to you?
Money, mine is ready.
Whether you want to withdraw or not, you have to wait for five seconds.
So I want you to divide the New Year again
You have to be better than me
How many ways have you interacted with people in this life?
You said Chen Zi has gotten better?